---
title: "Diversity and Inclusion"
draft: false
---

The lack of diversity in the fields of Statistical Programming and Software 
Development are well known. So too, is the general case in Finance. As 
Quantitative Finance lives at this intersection, R/Finance would like to be 
part of the solution. Thus, we want to take this opportunity to invite All 
Persons to join us in learning and contributing to these exciting and innovative 
areas of study.

Other than keynotes, all talks are given by people who respond to the Call for
Presentations. As diversity in presenters is key, the committee would like to 
make a point of strongly encouraging members of underrepresented minority groups 
to respond to our Call for Presentations. We welcome requests for travel & 
accommodation funding at the time of submitting your talk, especially if such 
expenses would otherwise prevent you from attending and presenting.

Speaking at a conference can be intimidating and we don't want that to be a 
barrier for you. The committee is composed of a group of highly experienced 
public speakers who can provide feedback on your slides, and/or help you 
practice your presentation. You can always request a 5-7 minute "lightning talk" 
if a full 20 minute talk would be uncomfortable. In addition, a full paper is 
not required, though we'd love to see one if you have it. We also love talks 
from practitioners who share their experience solving problems on-the-job. A 
virtue of open source software is you do not have to be well-known, or an 
expert, to provide a valuable contribution. We fully embrace that philosophy.

The R/Finance conferences is a place where knowledge sharing, open source 
collaborations, and new friendships are enjoyed by All Persons. We ask the 
broader Finance, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, and R programming 
communities to assist us in continueing to diversify this endeavor, by 
considering and inviting your underrepresented peers and colleagues to submit their 
proposals [here](http://uic.cvent.com/d/1hqrb9/4W).

